# Emoji Clicker

Welcome to Emoji Clicker - a Cookie Clicker inspired game, using Emojis instead of cookies.

The game is pretty basic, and the upgrades will only take you so far.

But think of the game as a template, and replace the various emojis, upgrades and maybe even game logic with your original ideas!

## Upgrades

Upgrades are defined in `upgrades.js`.

At the top of the file there's a comment describing the supported upgrade types.

> The file is JavaScript, so you need be careful about formatting.
> 
> Pay special attention to match the various types of parantheses. Every start `{` and `[` needs a matching `]` and `}`! The same goes for quotes `""`.
> 
> Also, you need to look out for the colons `:` and commas `,`.
> 
> If something doesn't work, look for errors in **Devtools**, or press Ctrl+S to have Repl.it format the code for you. If you missed a special character, the alignment of the text will most likely look odd.

But copy-paste an existing upgrade and you should be fine.

## Visuals

To change the visual look and feel of the game you will need some experience with HTML and CSS to edit the files `index.html` and `style.css`.

You will need to be careful to retain the existing id's and class names, as many of these are referenced from the JavaScript `script.js`.

As long as you do that, though, you can change pretty much everything here. In particular, there's a special `div` with `id="TEMPLATE"` that is cloned and updated for each upgrade.

## Behavior

Behavior apart from what can be defined via the upgrades will need some adjustments to `script.js`, and requires some experience with JavaScript.

I have, however, tried hard to structure the code to be both simple and easy to understand. Be sure to read the comments, and don't be afraid to break stuff!

## Have Fun!

Take a look on the next two pages for some **tips** 😎 and **ideas** ⭐

I can't wait to see what you will build with this!

Have fun!

/Marken
